Program 1

Good Investment or Not
Chef has invested his money at an interest rate of X percent per annum while the current inflation rate is Y percent per annum.
An investment is called good if and only if the interest rate of the investment is at least twice of the inflation rate.
Determine whether the investment made by Chef is good or not.

Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases.
Each test case consists of two integers X and Y, the interest rate and the current inflation rate respectively.

Output Format
For each test case, output YES if the investment is good, NO otherwise.
You can output any letter in any case. For example YES, yes, yES are all considered same.

Constraints
1≤T≤400
1≤X,Y≤20

Program
t = int(input())
for i in range(t):
    x,y=map(int, input().split())
    if x>=2*y:
        print("YES")
    else:
        print("NO")

Input
5
7 4
6 3
2 4
10 10
20 1

Output
NO
YES
NO
NO
YES

Explanation:
Test case 1: The interest rate is 7 and the current inflation rate is 4. Since the interest rate is less than twice of current inflation rate, the investment is not good.
Test case 2: The interest rate is 6 and the current inflation rate is 3. Since the interest rate is equal to twice of current inflation rate, the investment is good.
Test case 3: The interest rate is 2 and the current inflation rate is 4. Since the interest rate is less than twice of current inflation rate, the investment is not good.
Test case 4: The interest rate is 10 and the current inflation rate is 10. Since the interest rate is less than twice of current inflation rate, the investment is not good.
Test case 5: The interest rate is 20 and the current inflation rate is 1. Since the interest rate is greater than twice of current inflation rate, the investment is good.




Program 2

Dracula Eats
Eat, drink, and be scary
There are N spooky days left until Halloween.
Dracula dines at a mysterious restaurant that changes its spooky menu daily. He particularly enjoys what they serve on Tuesday.
Today is Monday, so he wishes to calculate how many times he can indulge in his favourite menu in the next N days (including today) before Halloween.
Note that Dracula follows the standard 7-day calendar, with Tuesday immediately following Monday.

Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases.
The only line of each test case contains a single integer N, denoting the number of spooky days.

Output Format
For each test case, output on a new line the number of times Dracula would have had his favorite meal after N days.

Constraints
1≤T≤1000
1≤N≤1000

Program
t=int(input())
for i in range(t):
    n=int(input())
    if n<2:
        print(0)
    else:
        print((n-2)//7+1)

Input
4
1
10
15
16

Output
0
2
2
3

Explanation:
Test case 1: The first day is Monday, and Dracula has only one day. So, no Tuesdays are encountered, and the answer is 0.
Test case 2: The first day is Monday, so the second and ninth days are Tuesdays.Dracula can eat his favorite meal twice.
Test case 3: Once again, the second and ninth days are Tuesday, so in 15 days, Dracula still gets to eat his favorite meal only twice.
Test case 4: After the ninth day, the 16-th day is also a Tuesday. So, this time Dracula gets to eat his favorite meal three times - on days 2,9,16.
