Program 1

Parliament

An important resolution is being discussed in the Parliament of Chefland. There are N members present in the Parliament, out of which X members voted in favour of the resolution and the remaining voted against it.
According to the constitution of Chefland, a resolution is passed if and only if half or more than half the members present in the Parliament vote in favour of the resolution.
Determine if the resolution is passed or not.

Input Format
The first line contains a single integer T — the number of test cases.
Each test case contains two space-separated integers N and X — the total number of members and the number who voted in favour.

Output Format
For each test case, output YES if the resolution is passed, otherwise NO.
You may print YES/NO in any letter case.

Constraints
1 ≤ T ≤ 5000
1 ≤ N ≤ 100
0 ≤ X ≤ N

Program
t=int(input())
for i in range(t):
    n,x=map(int,input().split())
    if n/2>x:
        print("NO")
    else:
        print("YES")

Input
4
12 6
9 4
9 5
12 0

Output
YES
NO
YES
NO

Explanation:
Test Case 1: Half the members (6 out of 12) voted in favour → Passed.
Test Case 2: Less than half voted in favour → Not passed.
Test Case 3: More than half voted in favour → Passed.
Test Case 4: Nobody voted in favour → Not passed.





Program 2

Chef Fantasy 11

All of Chef's friends are playing fantasy cricket based on the ODI World Cup, and Chef would like to join them.
For a certain cricket match, Chef has decided upon his team of 11 players. However, he hasn't yet decided who should be the captain and who should be the vice-captain.
He's narrowed his decision down to N players out of the 11, from which he'll choose one to be the captain and one to be the vice-captain.
How many different choices does he have?

Input Format
The first line contains a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases.
Each test case contains a single integer N, the number of players Chef is considering.

Output Format
For each test case, output the number of possible choices of captain and vice-captain.

Constraints
1 ≤ T ≤ 10
2 ≤ N ≤ 11

Program
t = int(input())
for i in range(t):
    n=int(input())
    print(n*(n-1))

Input
2
2
3

Output
2
6

Explanation:
Test case 1: With N = 2, there are only two possibilities: one is captain and the other is vice-captain.
Test case 2: With N = 3, there are 3 × 2 = 6 possible captain/vice-captain combinations.


